doc(release) Release notes for 24.09 cloud release (#3622)
centreon/centreon-documentation: cloud/releases/cloud-release-notes.md

title: Centreon Cloud release notes
---

## October 10th, 2024

### Centreon IT Edition

**Notifications**

It is now possible to configure a time period for a notification. When you do so, notification will be issued only in the time range corresponding to the defined time period.
Please note that time period exceptions are not yet considered.

**Centreon Dashboards**

> A new widget named "clock / Timer" is available, allowing you to contextualize your dashboards by adding a time reference in it (either time and date of a specific timezone or a timer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new widget named "Clock / Timer" is available, allowing you to contextualize your dashboards by adding a time reference in it (either time and date of a specific timezone or a timer).
```

> Statut grid widget tiles have also been improved by displaying resource icons and information about resource state (acknowledge or downtime).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Status Grid widget tiles have also been improved by displaying resource icons and information about the status of the resource (acknowledged or in downtime).
```

Reviewer 2: ack et dt ne sont pas des statuts, ce sont des états

> Statut grid widget tiles have also been improved by displaying resource icons and information about resource state (acknowledge or in downtime).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Status Grid widget tiles have also been improved by displaying resource icons and information about the state of the resource (acknowledged or in downtime).
```

**APIs**

> Resource creation is now synchonous with computation of their associated access rights which improves automatic resource creation via API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The creation of a resource is now synchronous with the computation of its associated access rights, which improves automatic resource creation using the API.
```

### Centreon Business Edition

**MAP**

It is now possible to use different common fonts in your maps. As a note, "roboto" will now be the default font. 

> You are now also able to display host name in a service object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are now also able to display the host's name in a service object.
```

**Service Mapping**

> We have also improved integration of Business Edition features in "Centreon Dashboard" by adding the possibility to display Business Activities in the Status Grid widget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have also improved the integration of Business Edition features in "Centreon Dashboard" by adding the possibility to display Business Activities in the Status Grid widget.
```
